c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\obj\Debug\HelloWebService.Resources.resources
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\obj\Debug\HelloWebService.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\obj\Debug\HelloWebService.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\le\HelloWebService.exe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\be\HelloWebService.exe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\le\HelloWebService.pdb
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\be\HelloWebService.pdb
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\HelloWebService.exe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\HelloWebService.pdb
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\le\HelloWebService.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\le\HelloWebService.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\be\HelloWebService.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\be\HelloWebService.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.SPI.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Networking.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.EthernetJ11D.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.SPI.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Networking.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.EthernetJ11D.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.SPI.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Networking.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.EthernetJ11D.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.SPI.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Networking.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.EthernetJ11D.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.SPI.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\GHI.Networking.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.EthernetJ11D.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.SPI.pdb
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.SPI.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdb
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdb
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\GHI.Networking.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.EthernetJ11D.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\obj\Debug\be\HelloWebService.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\obj\Debug\be\HelloWebService.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\obj\Debug\le\HelloWebService.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\obj\Debug\le\HelloWebService.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\obj\Debug\HelloWebService.exe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\obj\Debug\HelloWebService.pdb
C:\Users\gios_\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\obj\Debug\HelloWebService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gios_\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelloWebService\HelloWebService\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
